In this video, we will show you how to install some fog lights.
It will take 45 to 60 minutes
We chose some Hella Micro DE.
You will need a ratchet-box and a screwdriver, a wire stripper, pliers, some shrink tubing and a 20A fuse.
Here we can see the light right out of the box, with already installed mount.
This kit comes also with some cable, cable lugs and a relay.
First you need to remove some isolation, in order to plug on one cable plug at one end.
Then we push the other end right through the light´s cap.
Now you can plug in all the lugs and close the cap safely.
As our next step, we protect our wiring with a cable protection hose.
It is not necessary, but looks way more neat.
And this is, by the way, a pretty shitty work to do...
Well yeah....let´s go on.
Our next step is it to install the lights on the bumper.
Here we can use the already existing holes and the screws, which came with the kit.
We will find some mass at any screw that you can find near the bumper
All other cables should be lead through the engine bay to your fuse box.
In our case, you will only see that protection hose.
Right next to the fuse box, we mount our relay, onto which we plug our wiring like the following:
The remaining cables of our lights should be plugged onto clamp 87.
Because we do not link the fog lights with our headlights, we will need some mass on clamp 85.
You will get your shunt right from the main fuse´s screw. We also add our 20A fuse, that we mentioned before. It should find it´s place between relay and main fuse. This construction has to be plugged on clamp 30.
We still need to install our switch. That one goes to clamp 86.
Here you can see, by the way, our 20A fuse...
The switch´s cable runs along right behind there, right through our engine bay, until we reach a good place to get access to the interior.
Look for a nice place for your switch. We drilled a hole into the dashboard and used a simple toggle switch.
That ist it!
Don´t forget to ajust the position of the lights and you´re done.